# SignalStudies_RF
RF signals coding and AI studies in Signal Processing

This is a first Github project.  The python script requires the pygame module for sound generation. An attempt to use the SoundDevce module had partial success but code sequences sometimes missed beats.   The program was run on a raspberry Pi 4 and on a Windows !0 machine which ran with Anaconda/Spyder/Python 3.7 and 3.8. The script generates MorseCode sounds as numpy arrays by merging dit dah and space arrays to form a letter.  Pygame SndArray converts to a sound file to play.  The code tone, the sampling frequency, and code speed may be adjusted by the user.  The numpy arrays are displaced for each letter as a visual output using pyplot.  The user may want to edit out if just want sound.  The input keys converting to Morse Code use the python dictionary.  The dictionary in the script is not a full set of the International Morse Code but covers most characters.  A user should be able to easily modify the dictionary.  The idea here was to create sounds that could be captured and compared to real signals from an amatuer radio receiver.  The captured signals can be varied by tone and speed.  Addition of noise to the arrays and other simulations of real signals is a work in progress.  An initial attempt to mix differnt codes signals and tones and then separate with a waterfall display using FFT ran in to speed issues on the Pi. The eventual goal is to evaluate using a learning module like PyTorch to match a skilled code listener based on good simulation of code as well input from real signals. 
